oh hey we have to get to use seven
doctors are oh this time holy shit I
guess he gets to win one battle in his
story mode dude cut out you guys
well that was kind of sad Gohan I was
expecting more out of here really Wow
don't cells blast has really good homing
if you're far away it also blows up
that was kind of stupid on me admittedly
son of a bitch
god damn it's what is what these guys
are not aiming whoa
that was payback for what goku did to
have been the piccolo story mode even
though that was Vegeta actually you know
what god damn it that's payback what
goat for what you did to me back and
piccolo story mode you ass okay so we
want the simulation array what's going
to win this battle
oh good we get the fight against him hey
no Vegeta oh ouch that's harsh that's
really harsh man Goku you are such a
dick and I guess for the final level we
get to humiliate doctor to row yet again
that's great at least you have to win
one fight I guess not the one you wanted
to win but whatever
I almost feel bad enough to let him win
but that would be that wouldn't be
sporting at me I guess whoa ow
sorry dr. roe you're only serious chance
of winning just went right out the
window
you know I won't give me a chance though
go on side as strong as his father and
this maybe you can beat him
ow
what if you can absorb this oh you
motherfucker Gohan
okay there I gave juro is victory now I
don't feel as bad for him for losing
every single fight in this and being
completely and utterly humiliated then
again he only beat the crap out of a
small child so I guess that isn't much
to be proud of and yet you failed
repeatedly what well um
this has become kind of a weird rival
ways rival a situation yeah that's a
good question
wow it's actually um
ok
doctors are 0 and his brain bowl
consider that continue their research
oh no extra story for him well come back
next time I actually this is my favorite
so far later